---
layout: post
title:  "Week 3"
date:   2016-06-25 8:53 -0500
---

What did I do this week? I finished up the project, which included getting the code to run on Travis, checking coverage and pydoc, and cleaning up the code. Ideally, I would have started studying this week as well, but I just finished FirstBytes today so I was unable to study until now.

What's in my way? Not much as of now. I realized that there was a list of topics on Canvas, so I will have to make a second run through my cheat sheet to make sure I'm set.

What will I do next week? Take the test (and hopefully do well). After the test, I guess I will... relax? Am I allowed to say that?

# My thoughts

### The exam
It's very strange and I'm not sure if I'm even preparing the right way. It's kind of weird that the exams will be writing functions and code, and not stuff similar to the quizzes (since a lot of what we have been doing
is learning about Python's behavior and trickery). Hopefully that will be
a good thing, since I do okay but not great on the quizzes.

### Quizzes
It's getting depressing, I can never make a perfect score! I always get
2/3. I don't know if it's just a gap in my understanding, or it's things that I don't think to ask/clarify in class. For example, I remembered that you cannot use key names in a dictionary you are passing in that correlate to the function parameters. This lead me to answer false on passing in t=blah, d=blah. Apparently, though, these are special cases and it does not result in an error.

### Class
I'm so glad we made an interator in class on Friday (range iterator) as well as Monday (map). I don't think it fully sank in on Monday and I was left with more clarity on Friday. Closures are still a little weird to me, so I might review that more.

### Tip of the week
I'm not sure if this is really a tip, but it's awesome to give back or get
involved in outreach. I say this since I just finished up FirstBytes and CodeLonghorn (last week). It was awesome being a counselor, even though I was working 8-10 most days. I loved answering the campers' questions about college, CS, and internships. A few of them had never coded before,
and it was amazing to see what they accomplished with the robots and LEDs in a week!