---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4"
date:   2016-07-06 3:46 -0500
---

What did I do this week? This past week was crazy! As soon as the project was put up on Tuesday I started brainstorming. I set up the Slack and my group planned to meet to finalize a project and post it on Canvas after class on Wednesday. I had thought of Game of Thrones, which had an API of Fire and Ice, and politics, which was much more complicated. As we eagerly decided and planned out Game of Thrones, we checked Canvas. Hark! Alas, our project had been taken and our hearts were asunder. (I don't know what I'm doing here.) Anyway, we rushed to come up with a project and ended decided on a database of top songs from the years that would use Spotify. 

What's in my way? This past weekend was tough, since half our group was gone. It also ended up that 4 people decided they'd prefer backend so it's just Kirk and I on frontend. However, I think it looks pretty good!

What will I do next week? I'm already working on the next part of the project with my team. It seems as if I'm kind of stuck waiting on the DB to be implemented using Postgres and SQLAlchemy, so that I can use SQLAlchemy and Flask to embed the dynamic content.

# My thoughts

### The exam
It wasn't too scary (I guess my opinion may change based on the grade), but I'm very glad I actually wrote and implemented some of the methods we used in class. If I remember correctly, the last question tripped me up, but I think I understood after some clarification. I'm both excited and nervous to find out my grade!

### Class
We talked about the project on Wednesday (in addition to having a guest speaker), and Monday was the exam. I felt kind of bad for the guest speakers because I was just eager to ask questions about the project.

### Tip of the week
Start early! I now expect random, silly issues to come up with setting up the tools and allowing room for change and modification. Sometimes you have to change things on the fly!