---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2"
date:   2016-06-20 6:52 -0500
---

What did I do this week? I mainly worked on the project, which included adapting the collatz files, accessing the caches, writing the main Netflix code, truncating in Python, and opening Pickle files.

What's in my way? There were a lot of things in my way, but as of now I'm set. A lot of trouble (which is unresolved, but I found a work around) came from the lab machines not having requests/urllib installed. Another issue was that Mac OSX is weird about numpy. Sigh. Travis was also a pain, but it's now working.


What will I do next week? Study! The test is on Monday so I should study this week/weekend.

# My thoughts

### The project
It's frustrating getting some of the tools to work and a lot of the steps
don't necessarily make sense. For example, in collatz there was a specific input and a specific output, and everyone had the same shellcode
so the tests were very useful. I understand that there is some value in
looking at others' tests, but it seems less useful than in the previous project.

### Class
Python is so weird. Wednesday we mainly talked about the project. Friday we talked about eager and lazy types, and lambda, map, and reduce. I thought I had a decent grasp on it (even though I was slightly zoning out at the end), but I made a bad grade on today's quiz (even though I reviewed).

### Tip of the week
If you're working with global variables, you can always create a new Python file and that way you can share it between other files by importing it. I ended up having a method that sets a global variable (for testing purposes), but I thought the other option was a cool way to synchronize.