---
layout: post
title:  "Week 6"
date:   2016-07-18 12:41 -0500
---

What did I do this week? My team was burnt out, so we didn't end up working until Friday.

What's in my way? I'm handling the search, along with Samarth. All I have left is pagination and to make it pretty. Today we ended up working on the query highlighting in the results, which we used ts_headline for.

What will I do next week? Relax! It will be so nice to be done with all the projects. This weekend I will study for the exam, though.

# My thoughts

### The project
This last project is nice. It's definitely less stressful than the previous two... which is especially good since we were burnt out and didn't start on Wednesday like we usually do. Overall, I feel like the class is much more enjoyable during the semester. One week does not really allow time to learn and comprehend all that you are doing for the project. I understand that the addition of two group members was supposed
to help, but I think in practice that addition is marginal (since there is only so much work to split up). Plus, one of our group members dropped the class. I feel like I have done a little of everything, for the most part, which is nice. I would say I gained exposure to a lot of things, 
especially SQLAlchemy, Flask, and PostgreSQL.

### Class
On Monday, we learned about joins, reg ex, and xml. I liked the joins and project/select because I have used SQL before, so it was kind of cool to
learn about it in another setting and see it in another light. Wednesday was SQL and talking about the project, and Friday was refactoring and inheritance and abstraction. The refactoring didn't always make sense to me, so I wish things were more clear. For example, sometimes I found myself asking, "What is the benefit of doing it this way?"

### Tip of the week
Work smarter, not harder. I think our team needed that break, and if we had started working on Wednesday, I don't think we would have gotten
as much done as we normally do or it wouldn't have been our best quality
work.